---
# generated by https://github.com/fbreckle/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_ip_range Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: "IP Address Management (IPAM)"
description: |-
  
---

# netbox_ip_range (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netbox_ip_range" "cust_a_prod" {
  contains = "10.0.0.1/24"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `contains` (String) At least one of `contains`, `family`, `vrf_id`, `tenant_id`, `status`, `role_id`, `description` or `tag` must be given.
- `description` (String) Description to include in the data source filter. At least one of `contains`, `family`, `vrf_id`, `tenant_id`, `status`, `role_id`, `description` or `tag` must be given.
- `family` (Number) The IP family of the IP range. One of 4 or 6. At least one of `contains`, `family`, `vrf_id`, `tenant_id`, `status`, `role_id`, `description` or `tag` must be given.
- `role_id` (Number) At least one of `contains`, `family`, `vrf_id`, `tenant_id`, `status`, `role_id`, `description` or `tag` must be given.
- `status` (String) At least one of `contains`, `family`, `vrf_id`, `tenant_id`, `status`, `role_id`, `description` or `tag` must be given.
- `tag` (String) Tag to include in the data source filter (must match the tag's slug). At least one of `contains`, `family`, `vrf_id`, `tenant_id`, `status`, `role_id`, `description` or `tag` must be given.
- `tag__n` (String) Tag to exclude from the data source filter (must match the tag's slug).
Refer to [Netbox's documentation](https://netboxlabs.com/docs/netbox/reference/filtering/#lookup-expressions)
for more information on available lookup expressions.
- `tenant_id` (Number) At least one of `contains`, `family`, `vrf_id`, `tenant_id`, `status`, `role_id`, `description` or `tag` must be given.
- `vrf_id` (Number) At least one of `contains`, `family`, `vrf_id`, `tenant_id`, `status`, `role_id`, `description` or `tag` must be given.

### Read-Only

- `end_address` (String)
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `start_address` (String)
- `tags` (Set of String)


