---
# generated by https://github.com/fbreckle/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_prefix Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: "IP Address Management (IPAM)"
description: |-
  
---

# netbox_prefix (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cidr` (String, Deprecated) At least one of `description`, `prefix`, `vlan_vid`, `vrf_id`, `vlan_id`, `site_id`, `cidr` or `tag` must be given. Conflicts with `prefix`.
- `description` (String) Description to include in the data source filter. At least one of `description`, `prefix`, `vlan_vid`, `vrf_id`, `vlan_id`, `site_id`, `cidr` or `tag` must be given.
- `prefix` (String) At least one of `description`, `prefix`, `vlan_vid`, `vrf_id`, `vlan_id`, `site_id`, `cidr` or `tag` must be given. Conflicts with `cidr`.
- `site_id` (Number) At least one of `description`, `prefix`, `vlan_vid`, `vrf_id`, `vlan_id`, `site_id`, `cidr` or `tag` must be given.
- `tag` (String) Tag to include in the data source filter (must match the tag's slug). At least one of `description`, `prefix`, `vlan_vid`, `vrf_id`, `vlan_id`, `site_id`, `cidr` or `tag` must be given.
- `tag__n` (String) Tag to exclude from the data source filter (must match the tag's slug).
Refer to [Netbox's documentation](https://demo.netbox.dev/static/docs/rest-api/filtering/#lookup-expressions)
for more information on available lookup expressions.
- `vlan_id` (Number) At least one of `description`, `prefix`, `vlan_vid`, `vrf_id`, `vlan_id`, `site_id`, `cidr` or `tag` must be given.
- `vlan_vid` (Number) At least one of `description`, `prefix`, `vlan_vid`, `vrf_id`, `vlan_id`, `site_id`, `cidr` or `tag` must be given.
- `vrf_id` (Number) At least one of `description`, `prefix`, `vlan_vid`, `vrf_id`, `vlan_id`, `site_id`, `cidr` or `tag` must be given.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String)
- `tags` (Set of String)


