---
# generated by https://github.com/fbreckle/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_user_permissions Resource - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: "Authentication"
description: |-
  This resource manages the object-based permissions for Netbox users, built into the application.
  Object-based permissions enable an administrator to grant users or groups the ability to perform an action on arbitrary subsets of objects in NetBox, rather than all objects of a certain type.
  For more information, see the Netbox Object-Based Permissions Docs. https://docs.netbox.dev/en/stable/administration/permissions/
---

# netbox_user_permissions (Resource)

This resource manages the object-based permissions for Netbox users, built into the application.
		
> Object-based permissions enable an administrator to grant users or groups the ability to perform an action on arbitrary subsets of objects in NetBox, rather than all objects of a certain type.
> For more information, see the [Netbox Object-Based Permissions Docs.](https://docs.netbox.dev/en/stable/administration/permissions/)



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `actions` (Set of Number) A list actions that are allowed on the object types. Acceptable values are `view`, `add`, `change`, or `delete`.
- `name` (String) The name of the permissions object.
- `object_types` (Set of String) A list of object types that the permission object allows access to. Should be in a form the API can accept. For example: `circuits.provider`, `dcim.inventoryitem`, etc.

### Optional

- `constraints` (String) A JSON string of an arbitrary filter used to limit the granted action(s) to a specific subset of objects. For more information on correct syntax, see https://docs.netbox.dev/en/stable/administration/permissions/#constraints. Defaults to `""`.
- `description` (String) The description of the permissions object.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the permissions object is enabled or not. Defaults to `true`.
- `groups` (Set of Number) A list of group IDs that have been assigned to this permissions object.
- `users` (Set of Number) A list of user IDs that have been assigned to this permissions object.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


